1:54 - 5:00
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GtO1ppo0Buc

I love that I can get from LinkedIn data insights. And you're not just at LinkedIn, but you know, you're also at Microsoft and overseeing something like Copilot. I'm sure you're getting so many different points of insight and statistics and data. So, I'm curious like, you know, we're all talking about AI and you're at the forefront of so much of this. I'm curious, what is like a statistic or data or insight that you've recently gotten that kind of keeps you up at night? And a follow-up to that is how do you feel better or what eases your concern?

Well, I mean the great thing about LinkedIn is that you know we build what we call this economic graph which is the connection of the people and the companies and the jobs that flow through this platform. It's a super active graph. rapid updates over 5 million times per minute and it allows us to see realtime insights into the labor market globally like what's happening where skill gaps exist what industry is going to be hot 3 months from now etc and I think in moments of uncertainty it's really great to have some objective view of data in order to help people navigate through you know what is a changing labor market a couple things that at least I pay a lot of attention to you know first and foremost everybody's job your job my job anyone's job is fundamentally just a set of skills or tasks to be done.

And if you take the exact same job from a few years back to today, the skills that have changed, the percent of skills that have changed, like 25% of the skills to do that job have changed. And we expect that by 2030 probably like 70% of those skills will change. So even if you're not changing your job right now, your job is changing on you largely because a lot of these, you know, technology changes or AI tools, etc. So what I pay attention to is like, oh my gosh, like the labor market, you know, is shifting, roles are shifting. What is great to watch about it though is that we see this real rise right now in you know micro consulting, solo entrepreneurship, creators, influencers etc. which basically is that in a shifting labor market, people are taking these opportunities to create new career paths, new vectors of growth, new things that maybe didn't exist, you know, in the past as these skill sets shift. So, you know, on on one hand, it's it's I don't know if it's it's worrisome, but like we can see the labor market shifting, but like what gives me hope is that people are like yourself are embracing this opportunity to go and do new things with kind of the tools that exist in the state of the world today. So, yeah.

Yeah, it's really interesting. I I did kind of predict earlier this year that we would see more business owners and people becoming entrepreneurs because I don't think people realize how much easier AI is going to make that totally to run your own company. It's just going to be a lower barrier to entry. So if you're the type of person who wants to move on something, it's I think it's going to be easier now than it ever has been.

Well, think about it. I mean, to a certain extent, like if you use a product like Copilot or any, you know, AI tool in your pocket, you kind of have a I don't know, a data scientist, a financial analyst, a you know, marketing manager, you have all these amazing tools that you once didn't have. So if you think about the empowerment that gives you, it's pretty exciting to think what you can do now that you probably couldn't do even 5 years ago.